MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Jo√£o Victor Dias - FADEX Project

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

PROPRIETARY ALGORITHMS NOTICE:
This project contains proprietary algorithms and intellectual property 
related to medical image quality assessment. The core FADEX scoring system,
quality dimensions analysis, and specialized medical image processing 
algorithms are proprietary to the FADEX project and may be subject to 
patent protection.

MEDICAL DISCLAIMER:
This software is for research and development purposes. It is not intended 
for clinical diagnosis or treatment decisions without proper validation and 
regulatory approval. Always consult qualified medical professionals for 
medical decisions.